基于特征挖掘的ssl加密挖矿流量识别

基于挖矿行为模式的代理加密挖矿流量识别



The "new job" line means the pool just sent your miner some work.  Your miner will then repeatedly hash this data to find hashes below the  requested target (which comes as part of that job). The last number of  that line is the difficulty for that job. The higher it is, the harder  it is to find a qualifying hash, but the more any solution counts  towards your share of the block reward when the pool finds a block next.

The "accepted" line means the pool acknowledged receipt of a hash  your miner found. 3/0 means this is the third accepted hash, and none  were rejected (which can happen for various reasons, such as being for a previous job, below the requested difficulty, or otherwise invalid).

The "speed" line tells you your miner's hash rate. As far as I can  tell, this shows three hash rates over three different rolling windows  of 2.5 seconds, a minute, and 15 minutes. The hash rate stays fairly  constant at close to 1200 H/s. Your miner hasn't been running for 15  minutes yet.

Huge pages are larger than default pages (usually 2 MB, while pages  are normally 4 kB). Using huge pages for mining decreases TLB overhead,  and gives a good hash rate boost. In your case, the hardware supports  huge pages, but they're disabled. Enable by writing the number of huge  pages you want in /proc/sys/vm/nr_hugepages. I think a good default is  three per mining thread. With 32 MB L3 cache, you can run 16 threads (a  thread needs 2 MB cache to be efficient), so 48 huge pages seems like a  good one to try.

Lastly, your hash rate more or less matches the low end of the  recommendation. You're fine there. Difficulty is variable anyway, so the pool will decrease it a bit once it works out you're near the low end  of that range.



研究点一和研究点二

